Add begin_tx and end_tx specs (#512)
privacy-scaling-explorations/zkevm-specs: specs/virtual_state/begin_tx.md

More particularly, for all transactions, we make sure that the account nonce is incremented by 1 if the tx is valid, and that the caller address is not null. We also verify that a transaction is set as invalid if and only if there is either not enough gas, the tx's nonce is not the same as caller's account previous nonce or the balance is insufficient.

Depending whether the transaction is a Create, calls a precompile or calls an account with or without code, the checks as well as the number of lookups vary.

## Constraints

1. If this is the first transaction, check the transaction id is set to 1
-> `tx_id = 1`
2. Check the transaction's caller's address is not null
-> `tx_caller_address != 0`
3. If the transaction is valid, check the account nonce has been incremented correctly otherwise is the same
-> `account_nonce - account_nonce_prev - 1 + is_tx_invalid = 0`
4. Initilialise transactions's access list with caller's, callee's and coinbase's address
5. Verify transfer with `tx_value` and `gas_fee` or 0s if tx is invalid
6. Assert is_tx_invalid is correct

> -> `is_tx_invalid  - 1 - (1 - balance_not_enough) * (1 - gas_not_enough) * (is_nonce_valid) = 0`

Reviewer: I've been thinking we shouldn't spell out all the arithmetization details in the spec. Unless we intentionally deploy some optimization tricks, otherwise we can abstract out the arithmetization details most of the time.
It would already be super helpful to mention just the three conditions that must be satisfied.
- sufficient balance: sender balance > value + fee
- sufficient gas: gas limit > gas used
- valid nonce: sender nonce = tx nonce

> -> `is_tx_invalid  - 1 - (1 - balance_not_enough) * (1 - gas_not_enough) * (is_nonce_valid) = 0`

Author: Updated

7. if tx is a create `Condition(tx_is_create - 1 = 0)`

>     1. if tx is invalid or call data is 0 `Condition(is_tx_invalid - 1 = 0 ||  tx_call_data_length = 0)`

Author: "calldata" that's a typo!

        1. Ensure is_persistent is set to 1
        -> `reversion_info.is_persistent - 1 = 0`
        2. Ensure next instruction is endTx
        3. Constrain state transition with current rw counter
    2. Otherwise
        1. Setup next call's context
        2. Constrain state transition to new context 

> 7. elif we call a precompile raise error NotImplementedError

Author: I'll remove this. That was just a python error because precompiles are not handled well there.

10. If the transaction is a CREATE
    1. Create the contract
    2. The callee's address is correctly initialised from the caller's nonce
    3. The callee's nonce is correctly initialised (reversible)
    4. The contract's caller address is correctly initialised
    5. The contract's caller nonce is correctly initialised
    6. Transition to new context (reversible_write_counter = transfer.reversible + 1, rw_counter = 23 + transfer.rw + #precompiles)
11. Else (call to account)
    1. The callee's address is not null
    2. If the account called has no code (empty code hash or account does not exist (i.e. code_hash = 0))
        1. The transaction is persistant
        2. The next execution state is endTx
        3. Transition to new context (rw_counter = 9 + transfer.rw + #precompiles)
    3. Else (call to account with code)
        1. Transition to new context (reversible_write_counter = transfer.reversible, rw_counter = 22 + transfer.rw + #precompiles)
12. (TODO. Call to precompile)

Consummed gas: tx_calldata_gas_cost + tx_accesslist_gas + !is_create * GAS_COST_TX  + is_create * (GAS_COST_CREATION_TX + len_words * GAS_COST_INITCODE_WORD)

### Lookups

#### RW accesses

> In all cases, we do these 9 + #transfer calls:

Reviewer: Nitpick: The name "calls" might collide with EVM "Message call", as the action of the "CALL" opcode performs.

What we're counting here is the number of the read-write access to the [read-write table](https://github.com/privacy-scaling-explorations/zkevm-specs/blob/master/specs/tables.md). In the language of now so called "memory consistency check", the Read-write table is our RAM and the read-write counter is the timestamp.

```suggestion
In all cases, we bump read-write-counter by 9 + #transfer:
```

Author: Updated in both files for all cases

        2. The next execution state is endTx
        3. Transition to new context (rw_counter = 9 + transfer.rw + #precompiles)
    3. Else (call to account with code)
        1. Transition to new context (reversible_write_counter = transfer.reversible, rw_counter = 22 + transfer.rw + #precompiles)

Consummed gas: tx_calldata_gas_cost + tx_accesslist_gas + !is_create * GAS_COST_TX  + is_create * (GAS_COST_CREATION_TX + len_words * GAS_COST_INITCODE_WORD)

### Lookups

#### RW accesses
In all cases, we do these 9 + #transfer calls:
- CallContext TxId
- CallContext RwCounterEndOfReversion (done through reversion_info)
- CallContext IsPersistent (done through reversion_info)
- CallContext IsSuccess
- StateWrite adding caller's address to Tx access list
- StateWrite adding callee's address to Tx access list
- StateWrite adding coinbase address to Tx access list
- StateWrite adding precompile addresses to Tx access list    #precompile
- AccountWrite caller's Nonce
- AccountRead calee's CodeHash
- TransferWithGasFee (reversible)
    - AccountWrite caller's Balance 
    - AccountWrite callee's Balance

If tx is CREATE, we do this 1 call:
- AccountWrite callee's Nonce (reversible)

> If tx is no a contract call with no code, we do these 13 calls:

Author: Done!
